hello everyone this is the region will
depart 77 of let's play pikmin so i know
i have personally tried not to talk
about my let's playing putting together
things shenanigans but while everything
has mostly been working fine since i
downloaded the better version of
audacity I just whoa is that ok hot like
a water rates pond or something wait
what is that I'm confused anyway i just
uploaded a part of feet uh yeah part of
this to youtube part 41 for anyone who's
interested in how long it's taking me
for upload all these i mean i am making
a lot of parts of these but it does not
i was making a lot of parts were picking
one I was able to upload those fine it's
not like it's I'm having a hard time
putting them together or anything just
cuz my internet's being a bunt but yes
it took nigh on two hours to be load i
might be exaggerating a tiny bit then it
turns out because i keep my finished
files and my individual parts in the
same folder perhaps some of you have
stumbled upon one of my videos while is
still called with initiative number
number number that is what i do i have
part number number number and no no no
no
it's a part number number number which
is a video file and audio number number
number number which is the video phone
what did I say I don't know what I'm
saying yeah you deserve being if you're
got what the heck I didn't there should
not do this many pikmin doe does dumb
this is dumb and dumb that's how come it
is it's too dumb to that I was actually
a pretty clever pun i think i should
preserve congratulations for that I tell
deserve congratulations dealing with
this crap there's too many things one
part poisoning mr. beetles and poison
pong balls and a dying shoujo and well
as bad as it is I am just going to get
all the treasures and leave and use my
secret technique against the boss that
isn't very much on the secret anyway
what was I saying all right yes I record
my video files I named them part 0 0 X
or 0 XX was your XXX I'll have never
really reached 100 I just do the zeros
to keep them in order so it's easier for
me to find them i'm putting together and
I save the audios and similar method
audio 00 x or 0 XX is the case may be in
my longer let's plays which is most of
them and because there are so many parts
in this and all not and anything there
are so many parts of this I occasionally
get flustered in the YouTube up loading
screen plus the fact i have to be there
so much when it keeps breaking all the
time I try not to think about very much
i accidentally uploaded the pure video
file because you can do that with no
objections it would say there's no audio
file doesn't work like it is if you try
to upload an audio file though i think
it's still tries to upload it completely
and then tells you and efforts uploaded
them but that's never happened to me but
i did accidentally upload the commentary
list video file for part 41 i believe it
was part 31
that's about 77 so like I said I'm
pretty far behind but this is not what
concerns me it concerns me that when I
have such a hard time ever getting it to
load correctly or upload correctly it
sort of ticks me off when I uploaded the
wrong video but on the upside those the
raw video parts are actually smaller
file size than they are after they've
been compressed with movie maker and add
commentary so maybe it won't take quite
as long for the other ones someday I'm
going to get a router I don't really
don't know what happened there was a
electrical storm then BAM my internet
died and I haven't been able to upload a
YouTube video without lots of drama
since it takes much longer and it
arbitrarily dies at the beginning or end
or either really all I guess I'm getting
more in sort of implies either but yeah
it is not fun times and that is why this
let's play has been updating remarkably
slowly along with the fact i like forgot
to do my german homework for a while and
my forgotten those two lays you do and
now i'm having to make up for super
times not having quite as much time to
devote to this
anymore but whatever I deserved it for
being dumb I suppose I suppose it's not
really a huge deal what is back here you
will still be getting updates very
frequently and even more so when I quit
playing a dang Pikmin game clabber girl
baking powder one of the very few
treasures in this game that I understand
and I happen to believe as happen
believe I don't have to know I happen to
be that and the pal version I assume
that's just saying the Europeans are our
pals that might stand for something but
i'm pretty sure it's just promoting
equality of all nations um some of the
level some of the items are changed to
what might be I was like slurpees apple
juice or something I don't know if it
was changed to not be advertising or if
it was changed to be adverse um at
verizon some european thing that isn't
in the States but anyway it was kind of
weird and it's interesting to see how
that stuff works I guess if you're
interested by things sometimes I don't
know I'm kind of jittery at the moment
if you cannot tell a or w caffeine-free
root beer root beer is quite delicious
treat if I say so myself I hardly ever
have it because it's for bugs but you
know lots of things are good and for
pots and by four bucks I mean for people
who consume liquids that aren't too much
diet coke or whatever the cheapest Kohl
eyes and alleles
and also I sort of got addicted to diet
drinks because my parents drank them I
know a lot of people who might mostly
consist of I so give me crap for
drinking diet drinks not drinking
sugar-filled drinks like a man but I
would be like a thousand billion pounds
of it if I drank as much sugar so does
as I have sugar free sodas and i just
realized there was no other treasures
here so whoops accidentally killed a
bunch of ball boobs for no reason oh
well they weren't all bears so I am
pleased than Bob orbs are easily to
relate to they like to sleep ball bears
despite the fact they're named after a
kowai little cuddly animal that love
sleeping just as much as you and me
there's not sleep they just walk around
and beat dicks and revive themselves and
look a pile of treasure let's go get it
except I don't like what yeah I mean
Louise okay Louise okay Louie is okay
Louie is okay this is extremely
charismatic but yeah I'm sorry I Louie I
have a president now that's that's fine
III can deal without some treasures okay
bye we escaped to the surface with a
figment to the first time in the game
watch this cutscene there would be bald
men staring up the fat bald men but I
don't have bald men which is sort of
weird there aren't a lot of caves
devolvement only 16 deaths that's
actually pretty good for me look I'm
miss five treasures what could I be I
only saw Louise sitting on a pile of
junk down there well that's about all we
have for this let's play thank you for
watching let's put our pic min away for
the final time goodbye Purple's you
serve me well saying that this point
will make it seem like the audios do you
think but now I just said that way too
early sadly my uniform levels have died
anyway thank you for watching us let's
play and let's read the pic Lapidus
shall be coming shortly after this I
believe smell you later